well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again so I guess we're going to talk
about pardoning war criminals tonight
sometime back from forced vacation from
Facebook I've been going through the
messages there's a whole lot of people
asking about it
the problem is they're asking about the
pardons as if it's one group they're not
it's a each incident is has its own
characteristics
you can't lump them all together like
that and then a whole lot of the people
that sent messages specifically asked
about my opinion on the contractor and
we will get to that okay so the guy
that's already been pardoned he was an
army lieutenant now the story is - his
guys get killed by a bomb army Intel's
like this is the bomb maker we think and
somehow this suspected bomb maker ends
up in his custody he takes him out to
somewhere secluded to interrogate him I
believe that I really do I don't think
he took him out there with the intention
of killing him I think he was trying to
confirm what army intelligence believed
he shouldn't have been doing it but I
think that's what he was doing then this
is where it gets murky um according to
him there was a physical altercation he
was worried the guy was going to get his
weapon and he killed it according to the
government while he killed it and that's
really kind of they've kind of left that
very vague however it appears that the
government withheld evidence at his
trial so we don't really know what went
down there things like this happen
they do it's not right he never should
have had this guy in his custody period
period anybody who was surprised by this
anyway the
they happen it's not right but it
happens you've got the guy who you
believe killed two of your buddies
you're not gonna cut him a lot of slack
if he starts to resist so we need to
keep that in mind the other thing we
need to keep in mind is that this guy's
already done his time he was out he was
on supervised release parole whatever it
is they have he had already done his
time in prison so in effect this pardon
cuts his probation short which happens
all the time
without a partner that's not a big deal
and it gives him a clean slate I find it
very unlikely that this guy is going to
reoffending it seems like an incident in
which his emotions got the better of it
and somebody died he went to prison he's
out I don't really have a problem with
this one I don't have a problem with
this part now on Memorial Day apparently
the president wants to pardon more
people and those that he is considering
is a navy chief one of them is a navy
chief who is alleged to have opened fire
with his machine gun on villages
multiple times without a discernible
target used his sniper rifle to kill a
young girl and an old man and stabbed a
teenaged captive killing that's a
pattern that is a pattern this is a very
different situation the guy was a seal
which means he should understand that
opening fire on a village for no reason
whatsoever just gives the insurgency
propaganda helps them recruit people to
kill his friends the only thing you
really need to know about this case
other cells turned him in other seals
gave him up that's all you if you know
nothing about the SpecOps community the
Special Operations community you think
the police have a wall of silence
these guys do not talk they don't turn
each other in
for other seals to have turned this guy
in this is probably just the tip of the
iceberg I my belief is that this guy's
probably not deserving of a pardon
creating propaganda like that for the
opposition is is to me unforgivable the
next case is an Army Major another
suspected bomb maker in custody kills
him and they throw him in a fire pit
this seems a little different an army
major captures a bomb maker that's a
feather in his cap that that that's I
mean that's a win for him that makes him
look good for it to go down the way it
did it's almost like they weren't sure
but they didn't want to let him go so
they killed him
I can't really warrant a part in there
either I don't have all the details like
I do live in some of these others but
from what I have heard no this guy does
not need to be out walking around then
the Marines that were urinating on
opposition kis that type of stuff
happens it's wrong the worst thing they
did in my opinion is they produced
evidence that they did it and that
evidence got out and then it produced
that propaganda that helped the
insurgency recruit people to kill their
friends now
these guys that they're done they were
all out I'm sure by now the only one I
know of that was involved in this since
he's been done
he helped stop a contract killing in
Tennessee helped the Tennessee Bureau of
Investigation stopped a hitman from
being hired again this is one of those
things they're done they're punishments
over want to give them a clean slate I
understand that and the reality is
because that propaganda got spread so
far and so wide they gotta live with
that they know the outcome of what
happened
they know what occurred because of what
they did and they have to live with it
nothing the criminal justice system is
going to be able to do to them is gonna
match that nothing
letting them go on with their lives I
don't really have a problem with it
I don't now on to the contractor a lot
of the people that asked about this one
specifically what do you profile I
noticed that a lot of you worked for
firms that I recognized think you were
hoping to get somebody's voice out there
to maybe speak in favor of this you
chose the wrong dude as a contractor you
are supposed to be a professional not
open fire on crowds ever period full
stop end of story if you want to behave
like some cut-rate murk could go work
for some tin-pot dictator as far as I'm
concerned that sense is too light I
don't think he should have been brought
back here I think they should have let
the Iraqis handle it
that would have been justice he was not
part of the US military he the Iraqi
government in my opinion had
jurisdiction over that they should be
able to make the call on what happens to
them and yeah you want to behave like
that there's a whole bunch of places a
whole bunch of locations a whole bunch
firms that can you can go to and you can
work like that and you'll end up at the
end of the machete just like everybody
else
that that is not something that happens
in a professional organization now I
will weigh as far as the urinating on
the opposition kis I'm gonna link a
video if you have a dark sense of humor
and foul language does not bother you as
pretty much gives my whole opinion on it
if either one of those things do bother
you don't watch it now the fact that he
wants to pardon these guys on Memorial
Day
some of these people create a propaganda
that recruited more insurgents that
created some of the people who are
supposed to be honored on Memorial Day
Memorial Day is not Veterans Day
Memorial Day is for those who were
killed I think it's a pretty poor taste
to do it there anyway it's just a fault
you'll have a good night